Added documentation for Celery Beat auto monitoring (#6526)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/crons/setup/python.mdx

## Job Monitoring

Use the Python SDK to monitor and notify you if your periodic task is missed (or doesn't start when expected), if it fails due to a problem in the runtime (such as an error), or if it fails by exceeding its maximum runtime.

> <Alert level="info" title="Note on Celery">
> 
> If you are using **Celery Beat** to run you periodic tasks, have a look at our [Celery Beat Auto Discovery](/platforms/python/guides/celery/crons/)
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert level="info" title="Note on Celery">

If you're using **Celery Beat** to run you periodic tasks, have a look at our [Celery Beat Auto Discovery documentation](/platforms/python/guides/celery/crons/).

</Alert>
```

Reviewer 2: edited your suggestion to fix a typo ("you" -> "your")
